for those of you who just clicked on
this video because of the title you can
skip to the end of the video but please
stay and subscribe because it's a really
good vlog I like it okay Chelsea
we're bottle I'm actually getting warm
coffee today I'm not I didn't get the
iced coffee with your so no what I had
up with a new friend on your nan
different what are you yeah red average
differences right honestly I would try
to speak such a beautiful language for
your mom's real yeah she is shakers and
a move
so you're basically launching your
English YouTube channel with this video
yeah oh my good you I'm honored you have
a very inspirational story
see me live them on trial but she wanted
to your college dropout
yeah right right I'm called hapa
basically she wanted a show and she just
did it but you just did it yeah and you
just go to recap video of it and you
have celebrities you had entrepreneurs
and it wouldn't it and I can't believe
you're sitting on your own like you've
invested all the time and made it happen
if you have a dream if you if you want
something that you do it
yeah you just do it and it was very
similar to first time I ever started
creative space Katie and I really didn't
have anything to show people that
doesn't like cold all email saying like
I don't have it
but would you let me come document you
or and I know what you had to do you had
to reach out these people yeah I'd be
like I have anything to show you but
what I do you should I didn't have
anything I just fight my show only in my
heart and right at that just I was I
clicking on internet sites where the can
I trust that they like the extent of it
you the really famous actress and much
of like where this conference the some
friends like as we did and I'll try to
go into like this party oh my god I
remember one time I jumped like it as
far so I get jaggery yes yeah because
you would like to get up agenda and
there's like a points out oh that's like
I have to go to that's easy for them I
want them with your life stone you know
God like so she literally hot kisses to
make these connections amazing amazing
to do whatever you need to do followed
your truth we are on the High Line right
now is it used to be old tree trunks on
the west side of Manhattan and a place
where you can walk there's pretty
scenery people everywhere there's
there's all the pink a lots of people
that look at the view
amazing since I was a kid I need a help
with this putter so big I can Michael
Phelps in distant splash my Vista flash
this I aligned on like I said yes
addresses yeah all I want to with the
rest there's no Sun straight face just
shake what a 98 all black like blaze
guys down oh it's headed this day
down don't school on go back can't
picture that no Kodak don't slack
Mac man y'all know that
oh it's gotta at me and ass off fact the
first we gotta end the shoot with sweet
green how do you feel about it I want to
be on oh yeah
good hand today good shooting get out
the way you got a white-hot spray tube
okay how'd you come home for a quick sec
I loved it the wigs just hanging out up
there make sure to check out Fred it was
so lovely hanging out with her she is a
inspirational human being I will link
her channel down below right we're
moving on moving on to the next thing I
used to live in the Upper East Side
I say live but I stayed in the Upper
East Side for about six weeks when I
first moved to New York while I was
trying to find an apartment I said was
the most lovely human by the name of
Alison you guys have seen her a little
bit in the vlog she throws the most epic
parties at her place and so I try to go
to them as often as I can and I end up
meeting a lot of great people so one of
Alison's friends whose son just got a
booster for it was like yo he would come
up to Central Park and show them the
ropes like of course one anything for
Alison zombies - I haven't been to the
Upper East Side or Central Park alone
and so long Central Park Hank yes please
I'm here is my homey Alex those cruisin
on at your booth bed here in central
part in a study
[Music]
according to Alec this is just the
reservoir there is one
it's a depart it's pretty don't know how
I feel about that pitiful building
what's your opinion on this on this
tensile building do you think it looks
cool or do you think it's kind of an
eyesore I have an expose yeah look cool
but yeah kind of gory yeah so how are
you how are you taller new boost board
you've had it for a week four days four
days you're cruising with it really so
I'm really easy you look also on it
because you've logged more days before
right yeah so you already knew what to
expect
yeah it can be a bit jolty yeah I'm
getting but once you get used to it
pretty much check yeah I had the
impression that I was going to like show
up might give you some tips but it's
like you could probably teach me a few
things
[Music]
that kid is sharp and he's smart the
future of America looks bright and I
tell you what I feel like kids are more
than ever so pumped to be creative so
pumped to explore these different areas
of video editing and photography and all
of these creative endeavors and figuring
out a way to work that in their life and
exploring and exploring it at the age of
like 12 and 13 like how cool is that
that's freaking sick so what okay I need
to help with distance but a Solveig I'm
going to be leaving New York for a solid
very solid mod I'm losing my mind right
now for other reasons that I was losing
my mind a few days ago you saw in a blog
Brina it's because I will be going out
of town for a little over a month
I do travel often but most times is go
to this one side come back to New York
for a few days and then go to the next
one
so why ye so I'm finally going to share
a little bit of light on my very vague
stressful situation I've been undergoing
for the past month I made a video a
little while ago about a mice situation
in my apartment ever since then New York
has been slightly miserable for me I was
having a legit problem with mice this
wasn't something that was like every now
and then it became a everyday thing it
was disgusting it was honestly
terrifying to not be able to like fuel
at home in my own home because I was
scared like a mice was going to come out
and just for Hobbes babies in the wall
oh my god it was terrible it was awful I
would be brushing my teeth at midnight
and I would legit just see a black mouse
run across the hallway one to two feet
away from me it became a serious problem
and I didn't understand the scope of it
until I actually ran into my neighbors
who lived directly across from me they
were all the sudden moving out and kind
of a hurry and they looked pretty
freaked out I was walking on my
apartment one day I ran into them
they're like Sarah come on our apartment
real quick their first question was have
you had any mice issues and I said well
as a matter of fact yes
like every single day it's an issue dead
mice and traps
alive mice running around my apartment
running inside the walls yes
come to find out they were moving in a
rush because they legitimately had a
mice infestation problem this is the
apartment that I share some wool with
beyond that I've had problems with the
apartment that I'm Kirlian and it has
gotten to a point where it's such a mess
and it slightly ruined New York for me
just a little bit it really sucks you
don't have a place that you can feel
like is your home and I've kind of been
burying that underneath everything
because I really didn't want to just
spew negativity all the time but that
has been kind of the underlying issue
and so I've been dealing a lot of stuff
in terms of my current apartment I will
update you on situations moving forward
but now I'm kind of letting you know
because things are slowly getting
results good I thought that's something
worse than like witnessing a man try to
break in to your apartment would happen
here so oh okay
glad I got that off my chest to the
Peachy fans so I will not be in New York
I will not be in Tallinn until the
beginning of June I basically took all
the jobs possible all the conference's I
could possibly go in the next month so I
will be going to a lot of different
places and then I come back in June and
figure some things out
that I filled with spread the French
eats just drop you can check out the
link in the description below life is
crazy
the life is exciting I am so thankful so
thankful to have you guys along side
with me truly truly stay peachy okay bye
[Music]